I want to unwrap you for Christmas ;)
Will you be the JayDee to my shann0nc? xjaydeLove
I want you like JayDee wants 14 kills in a Warzone Game xjaydeRage xjaydeTrash
I bet your name's Mickey, 'cause you're so fine.
Hey, pretty mama. You smell kinda pretty, wanna smell me?
I better get out my library card, 'cause I'm checkin' you out.
If you were a booger, I'd pick you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I've been bad, take me to your room.
I think Heaven's missing an angel.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
You have 206 bones in your body. Do you want one more?
Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.
I cant help to notice but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Aren't your feet tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day.
I must be asleep, 'cause you are a dream come true.
I like large posteriors and I cannot prevaricate.
How you doin'? sosGame
Hey, baby cakes. iamsocal
Nice butt. KappaCool
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again...?
Do you have a map? I think I just got lost in your eyes.
Want to see my good side? Hah, that was a trick question, all I have are good sides.
You look like a woman who appreciates the finer things in life. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread.
I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eye, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.
Lets say you and I knock some very /sensual/ boots.
I lost my phone number, can I have yours?
I'm here, where are your other two wishes?
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you have FINE written all over you.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
You got something on your chest: My eyes.
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Excuse me, but I think you dropped something. MY JAW!
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
Where have you been all my life?
I'm just a love machine, and I don't work for nobody but you.
Are you wearing space pants? Because your ass is out of this world.
Nice legs. What time do they open?
Are you lost? Because it’s so strange to see an angel so far from heaven.
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
I think we should just be friends with sexual tension.
Whenever I see you I feel like a dog dying to get out of the car.
If I'd have held you any closer I'd be in back of you.
I wish I were on Facebook so I could poke you.
Are you my appendix? I don't know what you do or how you work but I feel like I should take you out.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Are you my Appendix? Because I don't know that much about you, but I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Do you have a mirror on your pants? No, then I must have been looking into the future, because I can see myself in them.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment... Want to help prove him wrong?
If you were a transformer, your name would be Optimus Fine.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
Are you an alien, cause you're out of this world.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
Are you a magnet, cause I'm attracted to you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
Could you do me a favor? *hold out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
You have been very naughty. Go to my room!
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
There is something wrong with my phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’m searching for.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause you look like a snack!
You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
Hi, I’m Mr Right, somebody said you were looking for me?
Excuse me, do you know how much a polar bear weighs? No? Me neither but it breaks the ice.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Wouldn’t we look cute on a wedding cake together?
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Feel my t-shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is your name Wally? Because someone like you is hard to find.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can’t get past ‘u’.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.